Dev Diary - What is the purpose?
    This will outline my general thought process and day to day (or night to night) activity of the development process
    for this challenge.

Tuesday 5th of April (1 hour)
    I had set up a linux VM on virtual box to run and develop the code in an isolated environment.

    Looked into the code to see how the structure works, and see if there is any similarities to what I have done before
    with .NET Core

    From what I can see so far, it is pretty similar to how I have set up API projects in Core. Which is useful since I
    sort of know my way around now and can follow the code pretty easily.

    Initial observations:
    There is no use of automapper, or similar libraries, thus making the mapping of objects a little
    tedious, but that is OK since doing it manually means less room for error.

    I had some issues trying to run the docker file following the guide in the README, but I saw there was a bash,
    so I ran that, and the API is running now.

    My initial thoughts on how to tackle this challenge was thinking about how I would do it in C#. Typically, I would
    make use of an external library like hangfire to set routine jobs to fire and forget. Hangfire has its own dashboard
    built in, which is very useful if you are building API's with tools like swagger for API documentation.
    The dashboard allows you to manually fire scheduled jobs and also queue them to be rescheduled if they have failed.

Wednesday 6th of April (1 hour)
    From analyzing the challenge and code, some questions were raised:

    1. What do we do if the currency in the DB does not match our current set of constants? Since the column is a string,
    this can allow some error, or potentially the entry could be null or empty. I would have to write some exception
    handling for this and add new invoice statuses to show if a currency error happened. I believe a new status
    would have to get added for failed invoices (potential failure with payment provider, card expired etc).

    2. Do we make the assumption that wherever the service is located, it will go by that services timezone to fire at
    midnight?

    3. What is the upper limit for retrying failed payments? 2 or 3?

    4. What do we do if a customers currency does not match the currency for the invoice? I noticed there was an
    exception for it. If that exception does happen, do we set the status to failed?

    I started to look into potential libraries to use that offer similar functionality to hangfire, and one potential
    candidate that I have found is JobRunr. JobRunr has its own dashboard that lets you see what jobs are running and
    which ones have failed, this might prove useful since right now I am not sure if I will build a front end to show
    a list of invoices.

    I implemented a service method that takes a string then filters the results of the fetchAll by getting the Enum
    value of InvoiceStatus.

Friday 8th of April (2 hours)
    Spent some time reading about how to interact with entities from the database. I then used what I had learned to
    implement a updateInvoiceStatus method. I chose to write a method that only updates the invoices' status, since
    further improvements to the system would allow a customer to add adjustments to an invoice.

    I could assume that invoices might be made in error, but from my limited knowledge of these systems, I
    will assume that the invoice can just be marked as paid or a different status, and then a new invoice can be
    created, with the correct values

    With this method, I can update the status, and only the status, without accidentally making changes to other columns
    in the database. I'd be curious to know if you can make a catch-all update method, that you can then provide the
    body of the update query from the service layer into the dal. Something to note for further improvements.

    I also added unit tests for the new service methods I have introduced. However, I had some difficulty for the
    behaviour verification of my fetch by status method, since it would not let me return an explicit list of invoices.
    Will need to do some further reading on the MockK library.